Documents the Export to CSV option on the Alerts table (#7472)
elastic/docs-content: solutions/security/detect-and-alert/manage-detection-alerts.md

| Add to case | Click the **More actions** icon {icon}`boxes_horizontal` > **Add to case** |
| Investigate in Timeline | Click **Investigate in timeline** icon {icon}`timeline` |
| Add exception | Click the **More actions** icon {icon}`boxes_horizontal` > **Add exception** |

> | Export alerts to CSV {applies_to}`stack: ga 9.5+` {applies_to}`serverless: ga` | Click **Export to CSV** in the toolbar. Requires [reporting privileges](/deploy-manage/kibana-reporting-configuration.md#grant-user-access). |

Author: ```suggestion
| Export alerts to CSV {applies_to}`stack: ga 9.5+` {applies_to}`serverless: ga` | In the toolbar, select the option to export to CSV. Requires [reporting privileges](/deploy-manage/kibana-reporting-configuration.md#grant-user-access). |
```

> | Export alerts to CSV {applies_to}`stack: ga 9.5+` {applies_to}`serverless: ga` | In the toolbar, select the option to export to CSV. Requires [reporting privileges](/deploy-manage/kibana-reporting-configuration.md#grant-user-access). |

Author: ```suggestion
| CSV export {applies_to}`stack: ga 9.5+` {applies_to}`serverless: ga` | In the toolbar, select the option to export to CSV. Requires [reporting privileges](/deploy-manage/kibana-reporting-configuration.md#grant-user-access). |
```
